# gjOryx

A fork of jOryx to continue development, mainly for educational purposes.
Currently in a non-usable state for RotMG 27.7.4.

The MPGH thread for this project can be found here : <http://www.mpgh.net/forum/showthread.php?t=1060531&p=11216413#post11216413>
The inspiration and end goals for this project can be found here: <http://www.mpgh.net/forum/showthread.php?t=1060486>

Original project created by Furyhunter <furyhunter600@gmail.com>

#Original Author's Notes

A Realm of the Mad God client. For client version 122.3.2.

Please visit my twitter, @Furyhunter and my tumblr furyhunter.tumblr.com for
updates pertaining to the project! Special thanks goes to /r/RotMG on reddit
and my friends in My Little Godslayers for giving me the support to make this
a reality.

## Requirements

Please note that these requirements are not exact; no extensive testing has
been done to ensure that the program operates across several configurations.

 * Dual Core processor
 * 512MiB free memory
 * Hardware-accelerated OpenGL 1.1 support (mandatory)
 * Sun Java Standard Edition 6

## How to use (player)

Simply run the Windows executable or Linux shell script depending on your OS.
If you're on OSX, just click the jar file (this does not have the same run
parameters as the launchers, so you will probably experience stuttering and
memory problems).

## How to use (developer)

If you're not a developer, please download a distribution package from
https://github.com/Furyhunter/jOryx/downloads instead of pulling the source.

Simple run the following command in a terminal if you are compiling outside of
Eclipse:

  ant build

Use the following for more information from the build script:

  ant -projecthelp

You need the Java Development Kit installed and on the PATH, and Ant available
on the path, in order to build without Eclipse.

If using Eclipse, import the project using the project import wizard in Eclipse.
Open the Ant view (Window -> Show View -> Ant) and drag the build.xml into the
view. Make a run configuration that starts com.joryx.JOryx with the JVM param
-XX:UseConcMarkSweepGC. Optionally, attach jme-src.zip to each of the jME3-*.jar
files for javadoc lookup in the code.

Non-client specific code (from oryx-hates-java) is still found in the same
package, however the two projects have merged into a single entity as they were
converging paths in development anyway.

## Change log

Version 0.3.0 (in progress):

 * Now available under GPLv3 license. Please contribute!
 * Update to retail client 122.3.2
 * Unlocked access to world portals.
 * Sound effects have been added.
 * Image handling has been rewritten but has not been extensively tested on
   systems without non-power of 2 texture support.
 * Work in progress...

Version 0.2.0:

 * OpenGL 1.1 support (consequently breaking OpenGL 2, 1.1 is forced for all
   devices for now until a later version)
 * Dropped animation shaders in favor of UV-map system
 * Redesigned chat UI to be less intrusive.
 * You may now mouse over any object to read its health, type number and name
 * Portals to other realms work, but combat areas are disabled until projectile
   implementation is complete. (They work for the most part!)
 * Stuttering largely eliminated for multicore systems. Please add the argument
   -XX:+UseConcMarkSweepGC if running the jar directly (Linux, OSX)
 * You can now relogin correctly after being disconnected.

Version Alpha 1:

 * Initial public release

## Licenses

jOryx (GPLv3):

> jOryx - A Realm of the Mad God client.
> Copyright (C) 2011-2012 Furyhunter <furyhunter600@gmail.com>
>
> This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
> it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
> the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
> (at your option) any later version.
> 
> This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
> but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
> MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
> GNU General Public License for more details.
>
>You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
>along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Please see the file `LICENSE` for more information.

jMonkeyEngine (BSD):

> Copyright (c) 2003-2012, jMonkeyEngine
> All rights reserved.
> 
> Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
> modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
> 
>  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
>    list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
>  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
>    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
>    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
>  * Neither the name of 'jMonkeyEngine' nor the names of its contributors may be
>    used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without 
>    specific prior written permission.
> 
> THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
> ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
> WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
> DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
> FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
> DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
> SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
> CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
> OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
> OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

JDOM (org.jdom):

> Copyright (C) 2000-2007 Jason Hunter & Brett McLaughlin.
> All rights reserved.
>
> Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
> modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
> are met:
>
> 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
>    notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.
>
> 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
>    notice, this list of conditions, and the disclaimer that follows
>    these conditions in the documentation and/or other materials
>    provided with the distribution.
>
> 3. The name "JDOM" must not be used to endorse or promote products
>    derived from this software without prior written permission.  For
>    written permission, please contact <request_AT_jdom_DOT_org>.
>
> 4. Products derived from this software may not be called "JDOM", nor
>    may "JDOM" appear in their name, without prior written permission
>    from the JDOM Project Management <request_AT_jdom_DOT_org>.
>
> In addition, we request (but do not require) that you include in the
> end-user documentation provided with the redistribution and/or in the
> software itself an acknowledgement equivalent to the following:
>
>     "This product includes software developed by the
>      JDOM Project (http://www.jdom.org/)."
>
> Alternatively, the acknowledgment may be graphical using the logos
> available at http://www.jdom.org/images/logos.
> 
> THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
> WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
> OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
> DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE JDOM AUTHORS OR THE PROJECT
> CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
> SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
> LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
> USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
> ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
> OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT
> OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
> SUCH DAMAGE.
> 
> This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
> individuals on behalf of the JDOM Project and was originally
> created by Jason Hunter <jhunter_AT_jdom_DOT_org> and
> Brett McLaughlin <brett_AT_jdom_DOT_org>.  For more information
> on the JDOM Project, please see <http://www.jdom.org/>.

XPath related classes in JDOM have been removed as they are not necessary for
this project.
